**README**

  Files used:
     -> users.csv in which I keep information about users
     -> comments.csv in which I keep the information about the comments made
     -> posts.csv in which I keep the information about the posts made
     In each of the 3 files, the information is represented by the attributes of a user, a post or a comment defined in the specific classes.

  The Likeable interface: defining the common functions of the Comment and Post classes

  Classes:
     -> CSVFileActions. Java:
         Actions performed: writing in the file, forming the vectors of users, posts and comments and also printing them in the specific files.

     -> App. Java:
         Handling the 2 special cases (strings == null or its length is 0)
         Since any action of a user can only be done if he is authenticated => I perform this check before executing any command.
         Before executing any command, cleanup-all must be executed, that is, deleting the data from the 3 files I work with.
         The execution of each command involves calling the respective method from the specific class and updating the files with the changes made.

     -> User.java:
         In this class I wrote all the user-specific commands (that a user can execute), taking care to add or delete from the vector of users there
       where applicable.
         For most of the functions I used auxiliary methods to check different cases, these being written at the beginning of the class.
         For the functions in which I have to do the display, I treated the last element at the end (also valid for the rest of the classes), since the closing braces had to be placed here
       of the string that I display.
         For the functions that require ordering by date, I used a vector in which I put the data that I want sorted and sort them by calling a function that will order them for me
       by date (similar to other functions of this type from the rest of the classes).
         The vector of occurrences for the functions in which I used it helps me to order and display the data according to a given criterion, by going through and determining the 5 users
       or the length of the vector (if there are not 5 users in the vector).

-> Comment.java and Postare.java:
         As in the User class, in these two classes all the specific functions of a comment, respectively of a post, are written. The logic applied to the orders from
       these classes are similar to the one described for the User class.
         The date of a comment or a post is generated by the same method as the one used in the checker.
         For each of the two classes I created a separate comparison function for ordering posts and comments according to a given criterion (these sorts are
       stored in auxiliary vectors in order not to modify the initial data of the post/comment vectors).

  Bonus:
     What other borderline cases would you handle in this application?

         According to my implementation, I observed the following cases:
           1. At fct getMostCommentedPosts: handling the particular case in which no post on the platform has been commented;
           2. Analog for getMostLikedPosts;
           The first two cases are more for the kind of platform that is at the beginning of the launch, not being popularized.
           3. The possibility of a user to follow himself;
           4. If the above case is possible => we also have the possibility for a user to unfollow himself.

     How would you refactor the commands and responses in the app?

        Other possible features of the platform:
           1. The possibility of a user to make certain private posts. (eg to be visible only to certain friends);
           2. The possibility of a user to make his own private friend list;
           3. The possibility of a user to archive his posts that he no longer wants to be public, but not to be deleted;
           4. The possibility of a user to report comments that he considers offensive (with inappropriate, offensive content);
           5. A user's ability to redistribute/save certain posts of other users that he considers important. (eg a twelfth grade student
     he wants to save the post in which important details are given for admission to the faculty he wants to attend);
           6. The possibility of a user who commented on a post and received a reply, to comment back on the reply received (reply).